## FRC Scouting
This is the server that the Slack integration of the same name depends on. The purpose of the integration is to allow FRC teams to more easily organize their qualitative scouting data that is stored within a Slack channel. It does this by pulling match data from The Blue Alliance API to create a message for every match at the event, and attaches to the message the teams on each alliance for the match. Teams can then create threads branching off of each message to discuss what is happening during the match. 

### Current Features:

"/eventNames" - Returns a list of the codes for every FRC event for the season, which are needed to setup the channel.

"/setup $event_code" - Requires the event code obtained from "/eventNames", creates messages with match numbers and attachments with team numbers and colors.

### Upcoming Features:

"/summary $team_number" - Searches through all threads in the channel to return a list of common qualities about that team.

### Credit:
Generated by http://megaboilerplate.com

### Configuration
- **Platform:** node
- **Framework**: express
- **Template Engine**: jade
- **CSS Framework**: bootstrap
- **CSS Preprocessor**: sass
- **JavaScript Framework**: 
- **Build Tool**: npm
- **Unit Testing**: none
- **Database**: none
- **Authentication**: 
- **Deployment**: none

### License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Sahat Yalkabov

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
